Remove double-unmarshalling (#1046)
jamesog/cloudflare-go: .changelog/1046.txt

```release-note:bug

> TunnelConfiguration: Remove unnecessary double-unmarshalling due to changes in https://api.cloudflare.com/#cloudflare-tunnel-configuration-properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tunnel_configuration: Remove unnecessary double-unmarshalling due to changes in the API
```
